


MVP Washington Hikes:
1. When the user runs the app, they will see a greeting and be able to: choose a region they would like to look in, see all hikes, or exit the app
2. if they select all hikes they see a list of the top 30 hikes with the option to see more
3. if they select region they will be able to choose a region to see hikes in, and then will see a list of fake hikes
4. if they type exit they exit the program


ToDo:
- figure out how many hikes to grab and from which URL
- refactor any code
- update works to say "top hikes" instead of "all" b/c you can't pull all that data
- describe region features
- refactor rating to be pulled from page details?
- if i show more hikes I need to limit the list to 10 hikes at a time

Description:

WashingtonHikesCLI will be a command-line app to allow a user to find a hike in a specified region of Washington state, and potentially filter available hikes based on additional properties such as hike length and elevation gain.  When the user runs the app, they will see a greeting and be able to type a number corresponding to one of the following actions: choose the region they would like to look in, see all hikes, or exit the app.   Hikes will be scraped from wta.org based on filter criteria. 

If a user chooses to select a region, they will be asked to choose a region from a list scraped from wta.org or type 'back' to get to the main menu. If they select a region they will see a list of hikes available in that region including the name, length and elevation gain. The user can select a hike (by typing the corresponding number) to see additional details like the description.

From the main menu, if a user types "all" they will see a list of hikes across all regions and if they type "exit" they will exit the app.

The user will not be able to create or edit hikes.

This CLI project will have three classes: Hike, HikeScraper and WashingtonHikesCLI. 


QUESTIONS
1. how do I make my code run without "ruby" before the executables on a Windows device?
2. 